README.md, before:

# Road RAG content

## `requirements*` files generation

In order to generate all requirements files:

```
requirements-build.in
requirements-build.txt
requirements.txt
```

The following command must be executed:

```bash
scripts/generate_packages_to_prefetch.py
```

# Generating the RAG for OpenShift

This guide outlines the steps for generating the OpenShift Lightspeed RAG.

Install the dependencies and activate the virtualenv:

```
pdm install
source .venv/bin/activate
```

## Download the OCP documentation

The command below downloads the OCP documentation version 4.15 and
converts it to plain text:

```
./scripts/get_ocp_plaintext_docs.sh 4.15
```

Note, this step requires the command "asciidoctor" to be installed. See
https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install for installation
instructions.

## Download the runbooks

Download the runbooks by running the following script:

```
./scripts/get_runbooks.sh
```

## Download the embedding model

The embedding model used by OpenShift Lightspeed is the
**sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2**, in order to download it run
the following command:

```
./scripts/download_embeddings_model.py -l ./embeddings_model/ -r sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2
```

## Generating the RAG vector database

In order to generating the RAG vector database using the
**sentend-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2** embedding model and OpenShift
documentation version 4.15 run the following commands:

```
mkdir -p vector_db/ocp_product_docs/4.15

./scripts/generate_embeddings.py -o ./vector_db/ocp_product_docs/4.15 -f ocp-product-docs-plaintext/4.15/ -r runbooks/ -md embeddings_model/ -mn sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2 -v 4.15 -i ocp-product-docs-4_15
```

Once the command is done, you can find the vector database at
**vector_db/**, the embedding model at **embeddings_model/** and the
Index ID set to **ocp-product-docs-4_15**.

These dictories and index ID can now be used to configure OpenShift
Lightspeed.

Commit message:

Download files in container build
Set number of workers to half of available CPUs

Signed-off-by: Jiri Podivin <jpodivin@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

# Road RAG content

## `requirements*` files generation

In order to generate all requirements files:

```
requirements-build.in
requirements-build.txt
requirements.txt
```

The following command must be executed:

```bash
scripts/generate_packages_to_prefetch.py
```

# Generating the RAG for OpenShift

This guide outlines the steps for generating an example OpenShift Lightspeed
database for RAG.

The database can be generated manually, or in a container.

## Generate database in a container

Container base generation entails simply calling the appropriate make target:

```
make build-image-ocp-example
```

## Manual database generation

Install the dependencies and activate the virtualenv:

```
pdm install
source .venv/bin/activate
```

### Download the OCP documentation

The command below downloads the OCP documentation version 4.15 and
converts it to plain text:

```
./scripts/get_ocp_plaintext_docs.sh 4.15
```

Note, this step requires the command "asciidoctor" to be installed. See
https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install for installation
instructions.

### Download the runbooks

Download the runbooks by running the following script:

```
./scripts/get_runbooks.sh
```

### Download the embedding model

The embedding model used by OpenShift Lightspeed is the
**sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2**, in order to download it run
the following command:

```
./scripts/download_embeddings_model.py -l ./embeddings_model/ -r sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2
```

### Generating the RAG vector database

In order to generating the RAG vector database using the
**sentend-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2** embedding model and OpenShift
documentation version 4.15 run the following commands:

```
mkdir -p vector_db/ocp_product_docs/4.15

./scripts/generate_embeddings.py -o ./vector_db/ocp_product_docs/4.15 -f ocp-product-docs-plaintext/4.15/ -r runbooks/ -md embeddings_model/ -mn sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2 -v 4.15 -i ocp-product-docs-4_15
```

Once the command is done, you can find the vector database at
**vector_db/**, the embedding model at **embeddings_model/** and the
Index ID set to **ocp-product-docs-4_15**.

These dictories and index ID can now be used to configure OpenShift
Lightspeed.
